hello I'm Carly guts with Blue Cross
Blue Shield of Michigan and today we're
going to show you a really simple and
easy recipe for making your own spicy
tuna roll at home here's the list of
ingredients and a mounting need
if you're new to making sushi like me
spicy tuna rolls are the perfect place
to start because there's only one
ingredient to roll go ahead and start
your sushi rice based on the packages
instructions
mince the tuna and put it into a medium
bowl add the sriracha sauce 1/2 a
teaspoon of sesame oil 1 teaspoon of
thinly sliced scallions mix to combine
cover the bamboo mat with saran wrap lay
down your sheet of nori shiny side down
and spread the rice evenly once the nori
is covered sprinkle sesame seeds over
the rice flip the nori with rice upside
down so the rice is towards the bamboo
mat place the tuna mixture in a line
across one end of the nori grab the
bottom edge of the mat and roll forward
keeping pressure on the map cut the roll
in even slices if you want spicy mayo as
a garnish mix some Japanese Mayo with
sriracha sauce put some of the spicy
mayo on top of each piece sprinkle
scallions across the top and you're all
set and that's all there is to it it
doesn't have to be perfect but it tastes
great for more simple and easy recipes
visit a healthier michigan.org